Hi, we're a next-gen UI design tool that experts to working production code and cuts frontend devs' work in half. I'd love to show you a demo. Would you like to meet?

Hi, we're a next-gen UI design tool that exports to working production code and cuts frontend developers' work in half. We're raising pre-seed and I'd love to show you a demo. Would you like to meet?

Hi Will, I'm founder of Theatre.js, an innovative UI design tool that competes with Photoshop. We're disrupting the design software industry by automating over 50% of a typical front-end developer's job, allowing designers to directly modify live production websites. We're in private-beta now and are raising pre-seed. I'd love to show you a demo. Would you like to meet?

Hi, I'm a founder of Theatre.js, an innovative UI design tool that competes with Photoshop. It disrupts the design market by cutting frontend developers' work in half via directly generating production-ready code. We're in private beta right now and are now working on our cloud offering. I'd love to show you a demo and hear what you think about our cloud strategy.

Hi Ville, I was intrigued by reading your profile and refreshed by mention of ethics :) My startup is a design tool that tries to break the asymmetry between authors and consumers of web content by empowering consumers to contribute/remix. We're motivated by the ethical implications of our work. Would love to talk to you about it. Would you like to meet?

Hi Corie. Seeing your focus on climate change, I think you'd be interested in my startup. We're building a design tool suitable for journalists to create interactive content that readers can explore and build an intuition around. One use-case is explaining impact of policies and proposals. Would you like to meet and see a demo?

Hi Christoph, seeing you're focused on media tech, I thought you'd be interested in my startup. It's an innovative design tool that makes product teams massively more efficient by allowing designers to directly change the visuals of production websites without going through developers. We're in private beta now. Would love to show you a demo.

Hi Elena, seeing your're interested in EdTech, I wanted to show you a demo of my startup. We're building an interactive design tool in the tradition of Piaget and Seymour Papert, allowing consumers of design to explore/change it and build an intuition around its message. Would you be interested to meet for a demo?

Hi Kenneth, I'm looking for a hands-on investor to help me towards product/market fit. Our product is a UI design tool competing w/ Photoshop. We're disrupting the design software industry by automating over 50% of a typical front-end developer's job. I'd love to meet and show you a demo.

Hi Petri, I'm looking for a hands-on advisor to help me towards product/market fit. Our product is a UI design tool competing w/ Photoshop. We're disrupting the design software industry by automating over 50% of a typical front-end developer's job. I'd love to meet and show you a demo.

Hi Juho, We're looking for a hands-on board member to help us towards product/market fit. Our product is a UI design tool that is extensible by AI-based plugins. We're disrupting the design software industry by automating over 50% of a typical front-end developer's job. I'd love to show you a demo.

Hi Harry, I noticed you're focusec on early stage 

Hi Harry, I was looking at your investment portfolio. I specifically know Happy-or-Not as we happily used it at my previous workplace. Could you take a look at my startup profile and tell me if you'd be up for a meeting? We have an MVP and are looking for an advisor to help us through public launch.

Anne, Hi. I was looking at your previous investments, and I'm inspired by how selective you are for only investing in impactful ideas. I think you'd find our vision inspiring too, and I'd really, *really*, love to tell you about my startup and ask for advice.  Would you be up for a meeting?

